The BestEST is a free software made to use for and with MUME.
http://www.vendomar.ee/~jaanusl/demo.gif

Needed system:
Any MS Windows version starting from Windows 98.
- Should have atleast 128MB memory
- Should work fine with ~500MHz CPU. (Physical system memory is more important.)
- 800x600 display resolution, with 16bit colours.

Recommended system:
- Operating system: Windows 2000, Windows XP
- 1GHz CPU
- 256MB memory
- 1024x768 display resolution, with 24bit colours.

Included features:
Map is always there!
The map always sits on top of MUME client(telnet,JMC,..) and has a fixed size.
You don't have to switch windows or resize the client to see the map.

Online mapping!
The mapping is fast, efficient and too easy :)!
Mapping a normal room takes no more than 3 seconds with a touch of one button!
An example. When I mapped the road from New Orc Caves to Khuzur,
through the new Ancient Broken Road zones, for the first time, it took me only 2 nights!
Some folks walk there 3 nights! But when I got lost, I just synced myself back to the map and knew where I was!
When you come to places like Old Forest, or cross the hills of Hollin and reach the west Moria,
then you definitely have to use the gateways (I call them portals),
a point where entering a direction the map jumps to another spot. All that is included and easy to use.
Mapping dangerous areas, like Moria - online you may not have the time to enter the portal coordinates.
That problem is also solved, because you can edit the map offline! Cut and paste, change the terrain, anything..

The sync commands and online mapping, all can be done from MUME command line or with graphical interface.
All can be bound under hotkeys.

When in sync, the map always tracks the character movement in any direction, even through huge loops.
And there is no delay(maybe 1ms). If you have only 64MB memory or 100MHz CPU, then there will be delay.
Map display size is two room radius. Overall five rooms in diameter, like MUME command "map room ".

When you flee, the program will know and instantly relocate your position.
There is up to two rooms from fleed room synchronizer. Outdoors,
where all rooms are next to another, usually one room check is enough.
Two room radius check can solve even special cases like oneways and randoms.
When you get totally lost, you have to locate yourself on the map and press the GET_IN_SYNC button.
Locating yourself on the map is possible by manual seek or choosing to jump the map to closest city
and then track yourself down.

Live doorname display!
Whenever you enter a mapped room, the program instantly displays the existing doornames.

The happy and angry face!
The faces show if the map is in or out of sync with the character.

Everyone has to create his or her own Arda map. The maps can not be shared.
Also the data from the map is not accessible. The database is protected,
so you cannot just copy and steal the hard effort of creating realistic areas by MUME management and gods.

Everyone will start out with basic Arda map, the backbone. All the great western cities and the roads
between Blue Mountains, Grey Havens, Bree, Fornost, some south of Bree and towards Rivendell are done.












































































































But this is not all, there are three more special kits.

 - The Roleplayer Kit.
 - The Playerkiller Kit.
 - The Complete Kit.

The kits have everything what is already included in freeware version and more..

The Roleplayer Kit.

- Not can you only map the Arda, but also you can make your own legends and comments to any room desired.
- Mark down the rooms with mysterious springs, fell beasts, hidden treasury or the dungeon where you slew the Monster.
- You can be the great explorer, you will have the possibility to view and play the map up to 30+ rooms in diameter,
  by decreasing the room size, increasing the map window or both. The map size is not fixed.
- Whenever or wherever you get lost, misteleport from Blue Mountains to the swamps of Tharbad.
  With only one button you will be relocated on the map, only in 5 - 15+ seconds(depends on CPU speed)!
- When you need to flee, it will automatically sync with map up to 10 room radius(4 areas). Covering 90% of exceptions.


The Playerkiller Kit.

- You can see the map up to 20 rooms in diameter, basically covering 2 areas.
  You can also resize the map and have special compact mode, what is not accessible to others.
- After you flee, you can sync up to 30 rooms in radius, that is covering 9 areas(100% sure).
  You can manualy change the fleeing check radius from 5 - 30(the larger the slower, but more efficient)
- You will have special tracking buffer. Whenever you track, it will keep a path on map where you started
  to where you finished. Thus you can learn the routes of the enemy or when you missed a track,
  can go back to the start or midway. Start a new track will delete the old path.
- You will have a prebuffer possibility. Spam 1 - 18 directions in buffer and cancel the route with one button
  or press a kill *target* between the spam and it will go through! The buffer size is configurable.
  With usual MUME, when you spam 18 directions.. then you have no hope hitting that target until the 18 rooms have passed!
  Now, you can change that.


The Complete Kit.

- This kit will have both the Roleplayer and Playerkiller features mended together, fully configurable.

And there is always Diamonium's kit... *evil laugh*


If you are interested in special kits, mail me

jaanus@it.ee
Subject line has to contain word in capital letters, "MUME"


