Rogon tells you 'oh not another yawn trap?'
Rogon tells you 'anyone following smrtihlav has no sympathy from me'
Rogon tells you 'i think i'd kill you if you got a freeze too'
Rogon tells you 'i'm so bored of smrtihlavs hugegroup traps, i'll start
Rogon tells you 'any way i can'
Rogon tells you 'not saying its bad to trap every now and then'
Rogon tells you 'but 7 per day with 8+ people every time
Rogon tells you 'all those people need to die, lagged, trapped, linkless, who
gives a shit'
Rogon tells you 'you were trapping there, you were trapping cinard, tbushes,
near hillmen'
Rogon tells you 'and god knows where else'
Rogon tells you 'you're saying you never kill a good player unless you trap,
if thats true, i feel sorry for you'
Rogon tells you 'i'm not saying its bad to trap some '
Rogon tells you 'and trapped how many times? 10?'
Rogon tells you 'lately you been following smrtihlav alot, and he's always
trapping'
Rogon tells you 'i'm just bored with always_trapping groups'
Rogon tells you 'like you and smrtihlav'
Rogon tells you 'do whatever you want'
Rogon tells you 'just saying i had enuff now, no more niceties to him and his
followers'
Rogon tells you 'well maybe you werent with them all the time'
Rogon tells you 'i spare linkless flagged people, but i'll make exceptions'
Rogon tells you 'for constant_trappers'
Rogon tells you 'and dont ask my orcs for help and stuff either :P '
Rogon tells you 'i'll have nothing to do with rabble!'
Rogon tells you 'you following smrt now too?'
Rogon tells you 'i bet you are, where are you trapping?'
Rogon tells you 'still? dont think you ever gave me a single piece of eq :p'
Rogon tells you 'dont think i ever asked for one either'
Rogon tells you 'seems like you're passing my tells on too'
Rogon tells you 'which is pretty lame, so no i have nothing more to say'
Rogon tells you 'oh?'
Rogon tells you 'no i dont'
Rogon tells you 'we came to fight 7 of you with 4, we even blocked ourself in
sewers cause someone said you were there'
Rogon tells you 'when was the last time you and 3 more blocked yourself in
with 7? or thought you did?'
Rogon tells you 'you were at shady tho, people said you were sewers'
Rogon tells you 'when i died? i was alone when i died, what does it matter'
Rogon tells you 'i fled into the trap cause it got opened, does it matter if
its 2 3 or 55 when its in a trap?'
Rogon tells you 'who's saying they knew i was inside? and that i didnt know he
was?'
Rogon tells you 'yeah whatever'
Rogon tells you 'you dont read what i'm saying, do you?'
Rogon tells you 'well i see you're still passing shit on, i wont bother
telling then, have fun'
Rogon tells you 'without 8 heals scrolls maybe'
